# 1, Customer Segments:
	Who are they and why would they buy?  
	Pains: Customer problem or need
	Gains: Customer solution

	A  
	[Who] Alcoholics who want to remain anonymous in their treatment.
	[Why] People who get alcoholism suffer a lot, and usually they don't want anyone else to find out these facts, especially celebrities, who are seriously concerned about their reputation. Celebrities' going to the hospital or rehab center for treatment could always be discovered by reporters or ordinary people, then it won't be secrets any more among the society, which is quite harmful to the treatment process because patients have got negative feelings about themselves and the treatment itself. Even not famous people who get alcoholism will not be pleased when anyone except his/her parents is talking about his/her passive life, which is an important cause of people dropping the alcoholism therapy.  
	So, it is important to keep the whole cure process anonymous, even the doctors or therapists do not know exactly who the patients are. All the doctors or therapists care about are the information of the physical and psychological symptoms of the patients' body as well as their medical history.

	B  
	[Who] Alcoholics who are not rich to see a good doctor or alcohol use disorder therapist.
	[Why] Nowadays, Effective and valid treatments are usually expensive. Rich people are capable to explore different possibilities to regain new lives, but poor ones are not. They cannot go to expensive profit-making hospitals or even go for non-hospital rehab residential treatment. An example is Cliffside Malibu, which guarantees the treatment works and costs over 73,000 dollars a month, while Four Seasons costs about 40,000 dollars. Celebrities go there for help maybe because it works better than going to the hospitals. Middle- or lower-income immoderate drinkers tend to abstain completely, or to drink heavily. When they get addicted to alcohol, their lives are ruined since they have no available money to ask a doctor for help or no any insurance cover.  
	So, decreasing the cost of the therapy is necessary for poor alcoholic patients.  

	C  
	[Who] Alcoholics who have no idea to find a certificated therapist for their alcoholism.  
	[Why]Cases exist that people spend a lot of money on useless treatment by irresponsible rehab center.  

  D  
	[Who]




2, Value Proposition:
	Provide a private way via technology to match patients and doctors, professional health experts in a private, accessible, convenient. Instead of having to visit a clinic, the patients can work with a doctor, and therapist, over their mobile phone. It is much cheaper and more efficient making it attractive for health insurance to cover the cost of service.




Resources: 10.28

Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD) in the United States:
• Adults (ages 18+): According to the 2015 NSDUH, 15.1 million adults ages 18 and older (6.2 percent of this age group) had AUD. This includes 9.8 million men (8.4 percent of men in this age group) and 5.3 million women (4.2 percent of women in this age grou).
• About 6.7 percent of adults who had AUD in the past year received treatment. This includes 7.4 percent of males and 5.4 percent of females with AUD in this age group.5
• Youth (ages 12–17): According to the 2015 NSDUH, an estimated 623,000 adolescents ages 12–176 (2.5 percent of this age group7) had AUD. This number includes 298,000 males6 (2.3 percent of males in this age group) and 325,000 females6 (2.7 percent of females in this age group7). 
• About 5.2 percent of youth who had AUD in the past year received treatment. This includes 5.1 percent of males and 5.3 percent of females with AUD in this age group.5

Alcohol-Related Deaths:
• An estimated 88,0008 people (approximately 62,000 men and 26,000 women8) die from alcohol-related causes annually, making alcohol the third leading preventable cause of death in the United States. The first is tobacco, and the second is poor diet and physical inactivity.9 
• In 2014, alcohol-impaired driving fatalities accounted for 9,967 deaths (31 percent of overall driving fatalities).10

Economic Burden:
• In 2010, alcohol misuse cost the United States $249.0 billion.11
• Three-quarters of the total cost of alcohol misuse is related to binge drinking.11
