Alcohol proposal

Value proposition:

Product:
A web page or mobile app where patients can enter personal data, then match them with the best doctors and therapist for treatment (i.e., according to their health plans and insurance).


1.	The reason why customers are willing to pay?
Our product can provide a way via technology to match patients and doctors, professional health experts in a private way. Instead of having to visit a clinic, the patients can work with a doctor, and therapist, over their mobile phone so it is more convenient compared to the traditional ways. It is much cheaper and more efficient making it attractive for health insurance to cover the cost of service.


2.	Solve a customer problem or satisfies a customer need
Treating alcohol disorder is in high demand because there are over 16M Americans with an alcohol disorder. Traditional treatment (i.e., Hospital visit, alcoholic therapy, rehab center, etc.) is often inconvenient, expensive, and may not suitable for people who want to remain anonymous but still want to get help. (i.e., The alcoholic patient dropout rate is 76% in hospital and rehab. The number one reason is privacy as these people do not want to be seen in a rehab center or alcoholic treatment hospital.)


3.	Innovative or similar to existing market offers but with added features





Channel:
How communicates with customer segments to deliver a value proposition?
•	Raising awareness among customers about product
Mobile phone conversation maximizes privacy and convenience, making it easier for patients who can remain anonymous to stay long enough for their treatment of alcohol disorder. A software app could connect everyone, regardless of location, to access medical treatment to help them quit drinking.

•	Helping customers evaluate a company’s value propositions
In our app, there will be a function in which patients can rate the app.

•	Allowing customers to purchase specific products and services
After matching with a specific doctor, patients can purchase different plans, such as a course of treatment, real-time online consulting (phone calls) and not prompt asking questions.
Prescribed medication can be delivered to their patients’ home or picked up at a local pharmacy.

•	Providing post-purchase customer support
Invite customers to give feedback of the effects of their treatment or share their experience of getting treated and encourage them to become the outstanding leader of the mutual-help group. 

Customer relationship:
•	Customer acquisition
We recommend our products to doctors and teach them to create their profiles on the website and invite their patients to use the website. Publish the app on the app store. 
•	Customer retention
A treatment calendar:
1)	remind the patients of promptly reporting their conditions of illness on the website 
2)	inform patients’ information to their corresponding doctors to review, which indirectly encouraging them to keep treatment.

•	Boosting sales
Contact mutual-help groups to combine professional treatment of doctors with spiritual treatment (12 steps).

Continue…

