Key activities(1) R&D, expected functions:	a.We will develop a mobile app and a website whose users are doctors and patients. 	b.We have the database to store all users’ information. The doctors’ information includes their education background, their current position and working place, their previous working experience, their charging range, their area (which means a specific patient type) of expertise and etc. The patients’ information includes their age, their gender, their job, their reasons for drinking, their insurance plans, their acceptable consumption level and etc. The doctors’ information will be displayed on the app so that all patients can select and have a basic idea of who is advising them. While the information of patients will only be stored in database and will not be displayed publicly. Patient users may choose a nickname for themselves when registering an account.	c.We can match an ideal doctor for a specific patient. According to the information stored in our database, we can match them by charges standard, patient’s type and drinking reasons. With more and more ratings given by patients in our app, we can collect those data and sort out which specific type of patients rate highest for this doctor, so that we can recommend this doctor to a similar patient next time.	d.Process of setting charges. Both patients and doctors have an expected charges range when registering an account. They will discuss about the specific amounts of fees according to the situation of this patient and make agreements with each other.	e.Text mining. With more and more messages being sent between doctors and patients in our app, we can store all those data for mining which specific ways have better influence on patients, or what kind of advice do doctors usually give under a specific situation (so that we can have text recommendations when doctors type).	f.Social network. We may cooperate with A.A. and gather their members as our potential users. Details will be discussed later.(2) AdvertisingCooperate with hospitals, doctors and organizations like A.A. to advertise our product. Cost may be generated for rewarding them.(3) Cooperation with insurance company and A.A. fellowshipWe may first talk to insurance companies and see if their insurance plan can cover the cost of seeing a doctor via our app. We may also talk to anti-addiction organizations like A.A. We will discuss more details about A.A. in value proposition part.(4) Teach doctors to use our app, including how to register an official verified account, and convince them the personal data they give to our app will never be disclosed.